Docs refactor - copy edit (#249)
leap-stc/leap-stc.github.io: docs/compute/hub_access.md

Contributors to this documentation:

- [Yuvi Panda](https://github.com/yuvipanda) for [jupyter-sshd-proxy](https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyter-sshd-proxy/blob/main/README.md)
- [Joe Ko](jk4730@columbia.edu) for clarifications on how to setup the local public key

> - [Sungjoon Park](sp4050@columbia.edu) for creating this workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sungjoon Park](sp4050@columbia.edu) for compiling this workflow for LEAP Pangeo.
```
